

            Problem Set 4, Questions.


0.  How many different colors does each format support?
            BMP: 32 bit color, or over 4 billion
            GIF: 8 bits, 256 colors
            JPEG: 24 bit, 16 million
        	PNG: 24 bit, 16 million


1.  Which of the formats supports animation?
            GIF natively supports animation, while PNG supports
            animation only via unofficial extensions. BMP and JPEG
            do not support animation.


2.  What’s the difference between lossy and lossless compression?
            lossless compression reduces file size with no loss of
            the full information contained in the original file.
            lossy compression on the other hand removes some digital
            information from the file to reduce size further.


3.  Which of these formats is lossy-compressed?
            JPEG


4.  What happens, technically speaking, when a file is deleted on a FAT file system?
            First, the system modifies the filename’s first character in
            the file’s directory entry to signal that the file has been
            deleted and that the directory entry can be recycled.
            Second, the system moves all of the file’s FAT clusters
            to the hard drive’s list of free clusters. 


5.  What can someone like you do to ensure (with high probability) that files you delete cannot be recovered?
            Destroy the Hard Drive physiclly, or rewrite all the information
            with zeros.


6.  What’s stdint.h?
            stdint.h is a header file that allows programmers to write more
            portable code by providing a set of typedefs that specify exact
            -width integer types.
    

7.  What’s the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program?
            It makes clear that you intend to use the data a specific way.



8.  How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively?
            BYTE is 1 byte
            DWORD is 4 bytes
            LONG is 4 bytes
            WORD is 2 bytes


9.  What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of any BMP file be? (Leading bytes used to identify file formats (with high probability) are generally called "magic numbers.)"
            The first two bytes of a BMP is a WORD and denotes bfType, which
            specifies the file type.


10. What’s the difference between bfSize and biSize?
            bfSize defines the size, in bytes, of the bitmap file.
            biSize definees The number of bytes required by the structure.


11. What does it mean if biHeight is negative?
            If biHeight is negative, the bitmap is a top-down DIB
            and its origin is the upper left corner.


12. What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e., bits per pixel)?
            biBitCount


13. Why might fopen return NULL in copy.c:37?
            fopen will return NULL if it cannot create the outfile to write to.


14. Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?
            beacause it reads one triple RGB at a time.

 
15. What value does copy.c:70 assign padding if bi.biWidth is 3?
            3 * 3 = 9, 12 -9 = 3


16. What does fseek do?
            skips.


17. What is SEEK_CUR?
            change the location of the pointer fp from its current location.


18. Whodunit?
            Rick Astley!!


